people are very interested in food
nowadays people who don't even cook
watch cooking shows and everyone has an
opinion on what you should and shouldn't
be putting into your body lately I don't
know if it's just here in LA but people
are very anti gluten which bothers me
because I'm very Pro pizza and you can't
leave Pro Pizza and anti gluten so now
some people can't eat gluten for medical
reasons which that I get it but I get it
but a lot of people here don't eat
gluten because like someone in their
yoga class told them not to I keep
asking people about this and I started
to wonder how many these people even
know what gluten is
so we decided to find out in case you
didn't know and I didn't know this is a
mixture of two proteins found in wheat
and some other natural grains but here
in LA it's comparable to Satanism it's
it's so we sent a camera crew out to a
popular exercise spot right up the
street from us to ask people who are
gluten free a simple question what is
gluten what is this thing you will not
eat so we're gonna meet a person that
doesn't eat gluten together we're gonna
guess if they know what gluten is are
you ready do you maintain a gluten free
diet I do indeed and what is gluten
okay does he know what gluten is
everyone says no well as far as for me
well how it affects my body
ah but what but what is gluten oh that
this is pretty sad because I don't know
do you maintain a gluten-free diet I do
what is gluten
all right this does this shirtless
gentleman Noah yes okay
gluten zine bread it's a flour
derivative wheat it's a flower
like it's like bread things like that
pastries it's in those things yeah it's
in those things so what is it exactly
gluten is uh like a grain right I like
what he coughed you maintain a gluten
free diet yeah I tried to the to the
best of my ability yeah what is gluten
does she know what gluten is it's the
wheat in products such as like bread or
pastas rice why do you avoid it it makes
you fat
I mean I like I said I don't and I
haven't researched it to the fullest I
have a girlfriend from Russia she
actually just got me into it so she's
reading a book about it okay Russians
the Russians know about gluten and Putin
they know about
[Applause]
do you maintain a gluten-free diet I do
I actually don't eat right
oat bran dairy nuts or eggs Wow what is
gluten does he know does this does
Jewish Jon Hamm know what gluten is it
is part believe of the wheat that I
really
[Applause]
[Music]
you